OK welcome back.
So in this video we're going to take a look at the sidebar.
I'm going to make sure that it's fully functional so we can make sure that the archives module and the
category section is going to be dynamic meaning that WordPress will populate the categories and the
most of the year by the blog post that are available.
So Bill's filtered down to Howard like them displayed so the text that in the archives and category
section is just currently stutter Kate jamail.
So it's just what we've pulled in from the bootstraps site and want to change it now.
So Will changes in the sidebar Doc pee pee or head over to that now.
And we'll start with the month of the year.
So if we just delete all of the list items for now.
And one replace with a word press P HP function.
So open up the page p tags then inside this is going to replace it with WP underscore get underscore
archives.
With the brackets and the semicolon.
And let's save that and head back over to the blog and refresh.
And now will lose all the bootstrap months of the year which put in earlier on.
And now we're just left with the word Prest generate in months.
So currently I've only got posts in the month of August.
So just to give a little bit more content I have an ad one more post much copied the sample text.
So add one more post and one call list the September news and paste in a little better text in there.
And in the news category and tigg of news and then publish that.
Two.
To the blog section.
OK so now we've got polls from two separate months.
We can see that WordPress ads easy in automatically when I do exactly the same with the Cuttery section.
So much to the sidebar doppie HP and find the E category section.
Would you just blow the archives and then delete the free list items.
Got in there.
Open up the page.
P.
The P P function that we use is WP underscore list categories.
And say that and then refresh the blog.
So now the sidebar module under the categories has got the word price categories that were being put
on him as we've created the blog posts.
We've got an extra category title on there which we don't want.
So the way to remove that is back in the sidebar page.
P and would in the WP list categories function within the brackets.
Looking to move the title between the quotations.
By typing in title underscore L I.
Equals.
Just leave the blanks or no tail appears.
So save and refresh and would just left with our level 4 heading.
They were put in our cells.
And now WordPress has put the moms on the categories in which I can actually select these links now
and this should fill a day on the blog page to show.
Post only by the category of the one we select.
So we selected news there and would just check out our work and by scroll and down so we just got to
poster board for the category of news.
So if we select September we should just get the one post we made today.
And just try one moulders try the office section.
And we've got the one blog post with the office category.
A piece of work and fine.
So if you join me in the next video will create the archived copy HP which controls the layout with
this view.